will bee college campuses in New York
turned into places of protest many
supporting the Palestinians frustrated
with what they say is one-sided us media
coverage of the conflict I believe that
the US and the media has been very much
on Israel's side without um realizing
that Palestinians have been going
through suffering for 75 plus years at
the hands of
Israelis at Columbia University hundreds
gathered to chant in support of Gaza
While others voiced support for
Israel I'm Jewish I'm Israeli my
mother's Israeli I have family
there and honestly we're in pain our our
community was attacked but only Colombia
students with IDs could enter the campus
to attend the rally others were turned
away police say it was out of safety
concerns outside campus where others
gathered some said Israel's response to
the Hamas attack was too much what was
done in Israel on the killing of all
those innocent families and children The
Taking of
hostages it was terrible but the
response is even worse going into Gaza
and starving the people shutting off
electricity of food of water I mean
killing the killing is going to go on
and we in this country are paying for it
for many of the people we spoke to the
issue was not just about Palestinian
suffering but also about Justice you
cannot expect people who have been
oppressed for 75 years to sit down in
their rooms write poetry write books
novels and not fight back that's the
truth everywhere Injustice happens
there's a problem you know you can't
stand on one side and see what's wrong
on both sides and just stand by one side
on college campuses in New York and
across America Amica where protest has
become the way to show solidarity and
call for peace Gabriel oando alaz New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer